this is the FL 12 ultrabac from Vexilar
when you say the word ultra pack you're
describing the case that your FL 12 is
mounted into so let's first talk a
little bit about the case itself the
ultra pack first off note the bottom of
the base its rounded in shape it's
designed to drop inside of a five-gallon
bucket which is great for transport it's
a good way to protect your investment
inside the ultra pack base is a 12-volt
9 amp hour battery
it's totally sealed up inside you never
really touch it it comes pre-wired from
the factory now on the outside of your
ultra pack you have a positive and
negative access port now these are
accessory ports you can use them for
charging the system but it actually has
a separate charging port on your ultra
pack but it's really good for accessing
up any kind of 12-volt power supply you
may need like for a flex light or for
lights inside your fish house that
requires 12 volts here's 12 volts we're
sitting right in front of you it comes
with a d1 30 battery status indicator it
has a master power on/off switch which
is very critical because unless you have
the ability to shut all the power off
you never know when you're slowly
draining off your battery so Mike
flipping the switch off you know
everything is shut off as I mentioned it
comes pre-wired and everything is ready
to rock and roll and it comes with a
digital one amp charger and you just
simply charge it to the quick jack plug
like this and now this digital charger
is great because you can't overcharge
your battery many guys I know just plug
it into the wall and leave it plugged in
all the time to make sure their
batteries never ever go down you can do
that with the new digital charger that
comes standard with it the ultra pec
also has a lot of nice amenities like a
rod holder for example and there's a
couple of places that you can put the
rod holder it has a tackle box a cable
wrap system even as a transducer holder
in the back a really nice float holding
handle and I think that's one of the
things most anglers note about the the
ultra pack when you pull it out of the
box it's very substantial it's very well
built it's a it's a really a great piece
of merchandise so I can see why they
call it the ultra pack because it is
truly truly the alt
in pack systems for holding your Vexilar
now the FL 12 unit that comes with the
system is a very very nice piece of
technology I think one of the things
you'll notice most about it I guess the
way it's related to most anglers is that
this the FL 12 is the flatscreen version
of an FL 8 the FL 8 has a the classic
Sun hood that comes over the front it's
kind of hard to see because he has to
look straight on with it and it works
well in sunlight but other fishermen
around you can't see what's going on
well the great peripheral view increases
almost by 50% the viewing angle and
you're able to see what's going on down
there from this from the side so it
makes it a lot more fun for other
anglers to use plus the snow and rain do
not deposit inside the the Sun shield
that you have on the classic FL 8 now
with any of vex large flasher
technologies you have to understand that
it's a it's a great piece of technology
but in shallow water applications in
many cases the system itself under
normal power is too powerful so when
you're fishing in 10 foot of water or
less or if you're fishing in an
environment with lots of vegetation like
weeds and things you'll find that normal
power is just too powerful because of
VEX large receivers are the most
sensitive in the industry the FL 12
comes standard with an S cable or a
suppression cable built inside of it and
that's what's called the low power mode
which cuts the output power of the unit
by 50 percent allowing you to fish in
two foot of water if you want and still
know that you're fishing in two foot of
water
you see that's one of the big advantages
with a Vexilar flasher technology it has
the three colors green for your weakest
then orange then red for your strongest
signals when you're fishing in an
environment like ice fishing for example
when a fish is out here he's swimming
around towards your bait it will go from
green to orange to red when he's
directly below you and that means you
get ready to set the hook but in shallow
water applications liquid-crystal sonars
often times the complete screen goes
blank a complete black you don't see
anything
in fact I personally have one that
doesn't work in waters less than five
foot of water well unfortunately I fish
in both open water and and ice fishing
in less than five foot of water so these
units are literally worthless a flasher
like this in low power mode can be
dialed down to fish in heavy weeds or in
very shallow environment and that's the
flexibility you get with a built in low
power mode which is the suppression
cable in the FL 12 the flat screen it
also has ten steps of interference
rejection all you have to is hit the IR
button there's only two buttons to
master on this system so it's very very
easy to operate it comes standard with a
12 degree ice deucer now that's Vexilar
is best all-around deucer is the 12
degree ice deucer but it's also
available with the Vexilar try beam ice
to stir which has three different beam
angles this one has this comes standard
with a 12 degree but the Tri beam is an
8 12 and 20 all in one housing so that's
an option that you can get the FL 12
ultra packing as well now if you have
any doubts on how to operate this system
everything is talked about in the
instructional DVD that you get with the
product now it comes water ready right
out of the box but before you go we
highly recommend you watch the DVD it
walks you strumming with some of the
features the flashing lights they're not
a big deal trust me you'll master it and
within minutes you'll understand that
all the logic behind Vexilar as millions
of other ice ice anglers have this the
two little buttons to operate are
nothing compared to what it is like to
operate a cell phone so trust me it's
very easy to do now because the the
veksler FL 12 is so versatile both
summer and winter you should consider
getting what's called a TK kit or
transducer kit simply put a transducer
kit comes with a gimbal bracket power
cord and a transducer so you can simply
take out your FL 12 off the ultra pack
put it into your boat and then in the
fall take it out of your boat and put it
back into your Ultra pack this should be
a year-round investment and with a TK
kit it becomes a year-round fishing tool
that will help you catch more fish and
to protect that investment you may want
to consider also picking up a soft pack
the soft pack case for the ultra pack is
really nice cuz it's got a clear window
in the front so even you in Iran a
raging blizzard
everything's is usually gets covered
with snow but with the soft pack it
protects that investments a good way to
go
this is a great piece of technology that
will last you for many many years and
come standard with a Vexilar two-year
warranty this ladies and gentlemen is
the FL 12 ultra pack from Mexico